Added section on Scheduling options for local. (#211)
spring-io/dataflow.spring.io: content/documentation/pages/5-feature-guides/2-batch/2-scheduling.md

![Schedule Batch App Kubernetes](images/SCDF-schedule-kubernetes.png)

<!--Local-->

Spring Cloud Data Flow does not offer an out of the box solution for scheduling task launches on the local platform.  

> However there are 2 solutions that provide an option for scheduling on the local platform:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, there are at least two Spring Boot native solutions that provide a scheduling option, which can be custom implemented to make it work in SCDF running locally.
```
